pipeline: input: http: style (#1729)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/inputs/http.md

# HTTP

> The _HTTP_ input plugin allows Fluent Bit to open up an HTTP port that you can then route data to in a dynamic way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _HTTP_ input plugin lets Fluent Bit open an HTTP port that you can then route data to in a dynamic way.
```

| `buffer_max_size` | Specify the maximum buffer size in KB to receive a JSON message. | `4M` |
| `buffer_chunk_size` | This sets the chunk size for incoming JSON messages. These chunks are then stored and managed in the space available by `buffer_max_size`. | `512K` |
| `successful_response_code` | Allows setting successful response code. Supported values: `200`, `201`, and `204` | `201` |
| `success_header` | Add an HTTP header key/value pair on success. Multiple headers can be set. For example, `X-Custom custom-answer` | _none_ |
| `threaded` | Indicates whether to run this input in its own [thread](../../administration/multithreading.md#inputs). | `false` |

### TLS / SSL

HTTP input plugin supports TLS/SSL. For more details about the properties available and general configuration, refer to [Transport Security](../../administration/transport-security.md).

### gzipped content

The HTTP input plugin will accept and automatically handle gzipped content in version 2.2.1 or later if the header `Content-Encoding: gzip` is set on the received data.

## Get started

> This plugin supports dynamic tags which allow you to send data with different tags through the same input. See the following for an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin supports dynamic tags which let you send data with different tags through the same input. See the following for an example:
```
